yeah until you bots the copybook I'll be
sticking with him loading continues as
the gel moves up couple of reports
earlier from Reese one fencing found to
be lame in the left foreleg after the
first modern history modern history
found to be lame in the right format
after the first news promised you a true
here's the Happy Prince coming in
representing Macau and Harry walks up
Harry hurricane the field is set the
favorite in eight they're ready
gates her back Racing her to jail jump
with them wasn't flash away line of
reason not showing a great deal of pace
and soul power drops in shortly after
the break
Caspian Prince came out quickly the
Happy Prince began well and her to gel
is between them settling fully into
stride watchable just behind the pace
from speed Hawk jungle cat
Harry hurricane and then line of Reason
soul powers a long way back and movie
star well back with dragon Falls as they
linked with the girls proper having run
the first quarter in 23.2 where the gels
gone to the front from Caspian Prince
watchable moves to third the Happy
Prince under pressure jackal cat up the
far side is running on banana gel kicked
in with afterburners left jungle get
behind Caspian Prince third a later
Jones racing away over the final 100
meters it's all over gel where the deal
first jungle cat second Caspian Prince
third speed Hawk fourth watchable fifth
sole power sinks Harry Hurricanes
seventh line of reason eight moviestar
ninth dragon falls 10th he living in
last the Happy Prince we seem to bound a
little in the air as the starter said
going
perhaps Tom might be able to ask him
Crowley about that when he has a chat
we may have bounced a little in the air
but he was soon there with them with the
Happy Prince on the grandstand side
Caspian Prince on the far side carving
out the early speed he was between them
for the first capital hundred meters and
then Jim Crowley decided it was time to
go hit the lead